Fix the link line reference at reload(). (#26824)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/location/reload/index.md

### Parameters

- `forceGet` {{nonstandard_inline}}

>   - : Boolean parameter only supported in Firefox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Set `true` to force a reload, `false` otherwise. Only supported in Firefox.
```

Author: Hi, @hamishwillee, I made another commit including your sugestion and added that "forceget" bypass the cache.

> - `forceGet` {{nonstandard_inline}}
>   - : Set `true` to force a reload bypassing the cache, `false` otherwise. **Only** supported in Firefox.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `forceGet` {{non-standard_inline}}
  - : Pass `true` to force a reload bypassing the cache. Defaults to `false`. Only supported in Firefox.
```
